README.md, before:

# Microsoft Graveyard

The virtual graveyard for remembering those killed by Microsoft

[![Azure Static Web Apps CI/CD](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/azure-swa.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/azure-swa.yml)
[![Bicep CI/CD](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/bicep.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/bicep.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/issues)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](/LICENSE)

## Overview

Microsoft Graveyard is an open-source static web application that serves as a virtual graveyard for remembering those killed by Microsoft. The project was inspired by [Killed By Google](https://killedbygoogle.com/) with a mission to enable users to:

📚 Learn about the history of Microsoft products and services.

🌐 Explore the graveyard and remember products you may have forgotten.

🪦 Help maintain the collection by contributing to the project.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Request a headstone](#request-a-headstone)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and key to maintaining this project! Please read the [contributing guide](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for opening issues or pull requests. If you are simply looking to request a new product be added, continuing reading for how to [request a headstone](#request-a-headstone).

### Request a headstone

To request a headstone be added to the graveyard for a missing product killed by Microsoft, please open a [new corpse issue](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/issues/new?template=1_new_corpse.md) and add the relevant information. You may update the [corpses document](./src/WebClient/app/corpses.json) yourself if you are comfortable modifying JSON.

## Code of Conduct

Microsoft Graveyard has adopted the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), and we expect project participants to adhere to it. Please read [the full text](./.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.

## License

Copyright (c) Victor Frye. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT](/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

docs: update proj docs pt3

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Graveyard

The virtual graveyard for remembering those killed by Microsoft

[![Azure Static Web Apps CI/CD](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/azure-swa.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/azure-swa.yml)
[![Bicep CI/CD](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/bicep.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/bicep.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard)](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/issues)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](/LICENSE)

## Overview

Microsoft Graveyard is an open-source static web application that serves as a virtual graveyard for remembering those killed by Microsoft. The project was inspired by [Killed By Google](https://killedbygoogle.com/) with a mission to enable users to:

📚 Learn about the history of Microsoft products and services.

🌐 Explore the graveyard and remember products you may have forgotten.

🪦 Help maintain the collection by contributing to the project.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [New Corpses](#new-corpses)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome and key to maintaining this project! Please read the [contributing guide](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for opening issues or pull requests. If you are simply looking to request a new product be added, continuing reading below.

### New Corpses

To request a headstone in the graveyard for a new corpse of any missing product killed by Microsoft, please open a [new corpse issue](https://github.com/victorfrye/microsoftgraveyard/issues/new?template=1_new_corpse.md) and add the relevant details.

## Code of Conduct

Microsoft Graveyard has adopted the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/), and we expect project participants to adhere to it. Please read [the full text](./.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.

## License

Copyright (c) Victor Frye. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the [MIT](/LICENSE) license.
